Donna Eden is one of the most
joyful people I have ever met.
Which is the observation of most people
who know or have met her.
This is either because of, or in spite of the fact
that her early years were severely challenging.
By the age of sixteen, she had tuberculosis.
multiple sclerosis, and a myriad of other ailments
stemming from an inability to digest foods.
But, as necessity is the mother of invention,
she stumbled upon the ability of
one's own hands to heal.
Today she has taught thousands
upon thousands her method of
inspiring the body to heal itself through touch.
And how to begin seeing energy once again,
in the process.
(peaceful ambient music)
I'm so glad we could
spend a little time together.
I've seen you a lot on Youtube
and out there in cyberland,
and your beautiful energy and sparkly eyes.
You're even more sparkly in person
than you are on the net.
(laughing)
Oh, thank you.
Donna, how did this begin for you?
The whole journey into Energy Medicine.
And you're really one of the
top people in the world in this subject.
Well, this all came about because I was so sick.
From the time I was a little girl.
I had tuberculosis and then I was
allergic to everything under the sun.
My mother fed us very well.
I didn't even have sugar till I was in seventh grade.
But it didn't matter, my immune system
was very down and I was born, evidently,
without the ability to make three enzymes.
Everything kept hitting me and by the time
I was sixteen, I had multiple sclerosis.
Then at twenty-seven I had a heart attack.
And then I had breast cancer in my early thirties.
(laughing)
I had asthma.
I had several different doctors tell me
that it was terminal, because my organs
were breaking down so fast.
When I didn't walk for much of two years.
Somebody really made it clear that there
was nothing more that western medicine could do.
I often thought that was one of the
best things that could have ever happened to me.
Because of course I had to heal myself then.
Right.
I gave up on them, I didn't take their medicines.
I just started working with the energy in my body.
Well now, how did you even
know to do that?
Well, I was laying in bed, unable to walk.
It was really my thighs, from my hips to my knees.
Just had no energy running through them.
I noticed when I put my hand on my knees,
my other hand's at my thighs,
took about three minutes and
I could feel it starting to move.
So this is just something you stumbled upon?
I stumbled.
That was the very beginning.
I went off and lived in Fiji for awhile.
The environment was so clean and healing there.
I got better and better.
But I came back to the United States.
I really wanted to do this for a living.
At that time, in the seventies,
let me tell you.
Wasn't much out there.
But I did find the Touch for Health Foundation
very synchronistically, one of those
supposed to happen sort of things.
They were teaching people how to muscle test.
Right.
'Cause they're kinesiology.
They're kinesiology.
I realized, from the beginning,
I thought of it as energy testing.
I would be able to show people
what it is I'm seeing and what I'm doing.
They would have feedback in their body fast.
Because nobody believed anybody
could see energy at that time.
Right.
But you could see it at this time?
Yes and,
I would like to say that I really believe
every human being born, sees it when they're born.
But we live in a culture where nobody
keeps talking about it, keeps it up.
And it goes dormant by the time you're
about a year old.
I had a mother who kept talking about it.
And my brother who is a real redneck, sees energy.
My sister, in a totally non-related field, sees energy.
It was simply because she kept it alive.
And, in Ashland, Oregon, where I really do consider my home.
We just get to go back a few times a year.
I had a practice there for twenty-three years.
I began telling people, pregnant parents,
that when that baby is born, you just
keep talking about the colors.
Keep talking about the aura.
Keep talking about that energy.
Chances are, it'll stay alive.
That's exactly what happened.
So you had never lost it then.
That's right.
You had maintained it.
What did the world look like to you as a little girl?
And was this something because your family
was accustomed to it, you didn't think it was different?
I didn't think it was anything different.
I thought the whole world saw energy.
And I was almost twenty-two before
I found out the world didn't.
My rude awakening, I just got married to a man
who said he was gonna put me in a mental institution
if I ever brought that up again.
(laughing)
Oh, that's like a two by four on the subject.
Marriage didn't last too long.
(laughing)
It was, "You're nuts, you're crazy if you do that."
But for me, because it was natural,
I wondered how in the world did
people make up their minds about something?
How did they know where they're absolutely safe?
How do they figure life out?
Let's talk about, say,
when you were a teenager, even.
In those developmental years.
I mean, obviously you had physical illness,
but how did you see the world of energy
and how did you utilize it to ascertain
information for your own guidance?
Yes.
It was a growing thing.
Because after years you start understanding.
That that color always means this.
Or that sort of thing.
Color was always interesting to me.
But the aura that surrounds the body,
I see at least seven to nine layers.
But that was not nearly as interesting to me
as the chakras that spun,
because you could see where
people were getting into trouble.
Or you could see where what they were saying,
and it wasn't that I thought that people were lying.
But what they were saying wasn't
in sync with what was happening,
and people didn't know better.
Really, if anything it made you very compassionate.
Because you saw, people were kind of lost
without this guiding force of energy.
Yeah.
So, it was always hard.
I'll say this, it was always hard once a month.
Yes.
During my cycle, because then
I couldn't turn it off at all.
The sensitivity was so wide open.
It was extreme.
So I'd wanna run up and tell somebody,
"Oh my God, you've got cancer you've gotta do something."
It was very, very hard, the sensitivity.
And that was one of the thing's
that Energy Medicine also helped me with.
That kind of sensitivity.
I'm still as sensitive as I ever was,
but I'm not knocked over anymore.
Yes, I think you've had time to adapt.
Yes.
Okay, let's go back to your twenties.
After you had had your hand on your hip
and your hand on your knee,
you noticed the energy flowing then.
I assume you got in touch with that organization.
Then how did it develop from there?
Because you go both modern and retro,
back to ancient knowledge.
I really believe that what I teach and do.
Yes, it's some of the modern world is catching up
with probably the oldest medicine on earth.
It's probably what kept our ancestors alive.
I mean long before they understood
what foods were good for them,
they learned to rub themselves
if they didn't feel good.
Something like that.
I think that they had to understand energy.
Because there were no doctors on any corner.
This was how you survived.
Sometimes, I teach a class, even today.
I teach a class by how people are
holding their postures in a class.
Because I really came to understand
that the body is always trying to heal you.
The energy systems in our body are brilliant.
They're far more intelligent than our brains.
And they know how to heal us already.
Let's talk about posture, tell me about that.
Well.
This is important,
'cause we all have this choice.
Yes.
It's so intrinsic to our lives.
Yes, well what I would say.
Two things, I guess I would say.
One, is the more you work with your energy systems.
The more your posture gets straighter and
the energies flow through your body
so that you just feel more vital and alive all the time.
It just so happens that the energy starts
going up your spine, clearer,
and makes more space between the vertebrae.
Just, you just have a straighter posture.
But there's something else.
That is that people often go into postures
and they don't even know they've gone into that posture.
For instance, if you're sitting in a classroom
and their ankles are crossed.
Or maybe they're sitting like this.
What does that do?
What does this mean?
Okay, when you cross this line.
This is Governing Meridian, the end of Governing.
This is the end of Central Meridian, but it also
is something utterly different than the meridians.
It's called the radiant circuits.
The radiant circuits, there are eight of them,
that connect up fields of energy.
This is the Penetrating Flow.
So, when you're pondering, or penetrating.
You want it to go in deep.
{Regina] Oh, interesting.
You put your fingers this way.
There's just all.
People touch their lips.
Yes.
When people put their fingers on the side of their head.
What is going on here?
Now, when my finger goes here up to
these points are called neurovascular points.
The longer you hold them, the longer you will
pull blood up through your brain,
to sort of clear out the field, so you can think better.
Interesting.
There are those kinds of points all over the head.
Okay, how 'bout this.
When people get stressed out.
How many times have you seen somebody go,
"Oh my God."
Right.
Or sit with their head in their hands.
That's instinct and we carry it in our bones
in our blood, I mean that's something
we've carried forth for millions of years.
But.
What does that mean?
Tend to take.
When you get very, very stressed.
You can lose the blood, you can, you do lose
the blood from your forebrain.
You can lose up to eighty percent of the
blood from your forebrain, when you get very stressed.
That makes sense, you can feel
it draining out of your head.
You can feel it draining.
It's either for the fight, or flight, or freeze response.
To beat somebody up, or run away.
In our culture, we can do neither.
I mean, so often, there's no one you're gonna beat up
and you can't run away, and you're stuck.
But you've already lost the blood from your forebrain.
We weren't made to have a thinking brain in the beginning.
Right.
We were made to beat somebody up or run away.
So when you throw your hand up here,
you start drawing the blood back up into your forebrain.
Cause your hand is electromagnetic.
And you will just automatically start lifting the blood up.
Somebody should have told everybody.
Don't take your hand away.
Keep it there, until you feel,
(inhales)
"Wow, I'm okay again."
That's fascinating.
This is true really, throughout the entire body.
Everywhere you go.
Throughout the entire body, exactly right.
What are some of the biggest.
Well, first of all, we were talking off camera.
You were saying, "We did not evolve for these times."
That's right.
This body is not evolved for these times.
First, can you explain what that means?
Yes.
It took us probably two million years
to get to this place.
But the world that we evolved in sync with ended
about a hundred and thirty years ago.
Then unnatural things began to come about.
More so in the last thirty to fifty years, even so.
But now, every square inch of our atmosphere
is filled with manmade electromagnetic energies.
Yes.
That our bodies have to deal with.
There is an energy in our body called Triple Warmer.
Triple Warmer Meridian its entire job is to keep us safe.
If something comes in at us or in us
that it doesn't recognize, it will often fight it.
And turn on that fight response or flight response.
So that, as my husband often says,
"My God, Triple Warmer turns on"
"when you see on the computer"
"you have just committed a fatal error."
(laughing)
It does for me.
People out on road rage, that's Triple Warmer.
But there's an energy that begins to build up
in our bodies, if we don't get rid of
the cascading chemicals of just
dealing with the stress in our bodies.
If we can't deal with it, then we have
less blood up here to be able to think
our way out of a paper bag.
And we start getting stress-related illnesses.
I feel that Energy Medicine isn't just about getting well.
I think the more important thing,
is it's about evolving you body.
So that you can adapt.
I was so very ill, so very ill.
I couldn't walk into a crowd
without trying to catch my breath
and sometimes I'd faint just
being in a crowd, 'cause there way no oxygen.
It's partly because my lungs were damaged from
TB
the tuberculosis.
Yes.
So, I have evolved my body.
I didn't even try to do it originally.
I just wanted to get well.
I wasn't gonna let anybody else
raise my daughters.
(laughing)
I wanted to raise them.
Right.
Amazing incentive for me.
But what I found over the years is,
I wasn't vulnerable in the old ways.
The things that really could get me before,
couldn't get me anymore.
So you literally evolved your body beyond
its original physical genetic blueprint.
Absolutely, yes.
My genetic blueprint.
It's very interesting, about five or six years ago
a physician in one of my classes said to me,
'cause I had said that I
didn't have multiple sclerosis anymore.
And he came up to me afterwards and he said,
"Donna, I don't believe it."
"You may have arrested it."
"But an MRI will show that you still have these."
I can't remember what they're called.
Little white areas up your spine and in your head
that show that the myelin sheath has been corrupted
over the nerves.
"It'll still show that, because it's not possible."
I said, "It's absolutely not only possible,"
"it's probable, because the body wants to heal."
And that's what happened.
So he said, he took me, from where I was.
I don't know if that was Atlanta, or where that was.
But he took me to where he could give me a free MRI.
Just to prove it to me so that
I wouldn't be saying that anymore.
And there wasn't an ounce of it left.
Amazing.
This is hopping back and forth in time a wee bit,
but when you began your healing journey,
how long did it take you to recover yourself
and evolve yourself back to a state of radiant health.
Yeah.
It was in stages.
You have to understand I didn't know.
I was taking little pieces.
It's like I was allergic to everything.
Even at sixteen years old, I wanted to
be a vegetarian, but I was allergic to
everything that grew out of the ground.
Vegetables and fruit were like poison to my body.
My mother had taken me to.
A man had come to live in our town.
That had just retired and he was the foremost -
What is it when you work with hormones?
Endocrinologist.
Supposedly in the world.
He had books and he had everything.
He was the one who said it absolutely.
"Do not touch fruit and vegetables."
"It'll probably kill you."
That's what would happen.
I'd end up going into shock, in the hospital.
It's because I didn't have enzymes.
At sixteen, the only food I could eat anymore was red meat.
Isn't that amazing?
I think it's because it was protein.
Maybe the amino acids in it?
And the amino acids in it,
and protein is myelin sheath.
It was like the only thing.
I believe it was keeping me alive for a time.
Yes.
But I was also overweight and I never over ate.
Oh my god, there was nothing to eat.
Right.
It's also interesting that I could eat,
not that I ate a lot of it,
but sugar didn't put me in the hospital.
But it was dairy products and like ice cream,
natural ice cream.
You could do dairy?
I could do dairy.
So you could do all these
heavy fat, animal based things.
Fat, thank you.
One of the things I really understand is that
we are all so radically different from each other.
And what is really good for one person,
is not good for another, and my body needed fat.
Yes.
Even though you learn and you think you've got it.
About twenty years ago, maybe seventeen years ago,
after I was really well, somebody came out on
television and she was really, really popular with her diet.
She was on everything and she had a talk show
in the afternoon, and she was all about
how bad fat was for you and she came out
once and a wheelbarrow of the fat.
The amount of fat that had been in her body.
I was mesmerized by this woman.
Oh well, I've gotten so healthy.
And she was saying just how bad it was
and I decided I would go off of fat.
Well, it took about six weeks, but suddenly
I was buzzing all over my body,
just like I had been at another time.
My body, I was starting to have hypoglycemia again.
That I had when I was a young girl.
It was simply because I had no fat in my body.
The body has to have fat.
The brain has to have fat.
Yes.
The cells have to have fat.
Absolutely.
So I went right back on fat.
(laughing)
That was good.
So, this has been sort of a life long journey for you,
but at some point along the way, you decided,
"No, this is my life."
"This is how I wanna make my livelihood."
Yes.
How did that part start coming in?
What happened was I knew
something about multiple sclerosis.
That I knew no one in this world knew.
'Cause I had gotten myself well.
I put myself out to people who had it.
I would work on them for free.
I just wanted to give them some tools.
I would do anything to make them get.
And I would try to make doctors hear.
Every now and then, a doctor would hear
and send somebody to me.
Pretty soon, I was getting so many people,
I better start charging, 'cause I don't
have time to see them all.
I assume you were effective.
I was extremely effective.
And what were you doing with them?
All energy work.
Nothing but energy.
In fact, if they had diets they were eating, I said,
"Okay, I want you for this next week."
"Put a piece of everything you're eating in a little bag."
"And bring it to me."
"We're going to energy test that food."
Perfect.
Because I was very clear that no matter
how much your body needed vitamins or minerals or herbs,
if your body couldn't break them down.
If your body couldn't metabolize them,
it didn't matter how good they were.
It's just another poison that your body has to deal with.
Did you get into enzymes?
At some point along the way?
Yes, oh yes.
Enzymes are very big, because I was
either born without the ability to make three enzymes
or it burned off in that first week of life,
because I'd had a very high fever.
Nobody ever knew for sure.
But my body couldn't metabolize fruits and vegetables.
Back to a question you asked me a long time ago.
How in the world did I get into this.
Other than multiple sclerosis, I wanted to eat.
I wanted to make my body be able to process foods.
What happened, working energy,
I really got into it.
I traced my meridians everyday.
I noticed what worked, I noticed what didn't.
And I made my body a real.
A laboratory really.
A laboratory rat.
(laughing)
What I found, there was a meridian in me
that was consistently weak.
And that when I would get vulnerable
that's the meridian that would go.
I started realizing, that's the meridian,
the main meridian in the body that metabolizes food.
So, I decided to get that meridian strong.
Which meridian is it?
Spleen Meridian.
It helps your body metabolize and adapt.
It's all about adaptation.
It sits exactly opposite Triple Warmer,
that I spoke of before.
Yes.
Spleen is not just a meridian.
Spleen is also a radiant circuit.
It will travel the meridian pathways,
but then it will jump its path
and go every which way, to metabolize
and deal with a toxin coming in.
Try to stop a stressor from coming in.
But it isn't at all like Triple Warmer,
that is fight or flight.
It's much more like the loving mom type.
With love you get better.
With happiness you get better.
That governs joy even.
Let's talk about this stress response
on the Triple Warmer, where we are
stressing that out.
Does that then effect the Spleen Meridian
and the digestion?
Yes.
Which is probably why I got so sick.
Because Triple Warmer was so stressed out
by the fact that I didn't have enzymes
and my mother was trying to give me vegetables.
(laughing)
Trying to be a good mom.
The fact that also, again, we didn't even
evolve to be in electricity.
We didn't evolve to be in
any of the additives in our rugs.
Anything.
To say nothing of a wireless world.
Wireless world.
That's right.
What is that doing?
It's doing extraordinary things.
Some people, again, we're different.
Some people do terrible with that.
And some people don't do as bad.
Some people, somehow, their bodies are adapting.
But I think that the way of the future
is for everybody has got to evolve and adapt.
That's what I teach in my classes.
So that, to teach people.
Back to foods, it took me seven weeks.
Seven weeks of getting spleen strong.
Getting a balance to Triple Warmer
so that they were more in harmony,
that I lost my allergies to wheats and grains.
Those were the first.
I had never been able to eat bread, in my entire life.
Or any pasta, or anything.
Not the best crackers, nothing.
Seven weeks, I was suddenly scarfing down bread.
Then, it took a slower time, but pretty soon
I was starting to eat vegetables.
Then the longest one of all was fruit.
Funny, because fruit is sugar.
You could do the refined sugar.
Yes, I could do sugar in something like ice cream.
Dairy products.
Where the fat was carrying it in.
That's right.
I had that same thing.
You got it.
Can't do sugar without fat, I notice.
That's exactly it.
I just, oh my god, I also lost
in those seven weeks, I lost seventeen pounds.
Without trying, I was just getting this meridian strong.
Where does that run in the body?
'Cause everyone's gonna be saying
where is this thing?
As a meridian, it runs from.
The feet.
At the inside of the feet at the big toe,
and it travels up the inside of the legs.
Flaring out at the hips, to the side of the ribcage.
Down to the bottom of the ribcage.
That's how short it is.
That's it as a meridian.
But as a radiant circuit, and some people may know
the word as "strange flows."
The Japanese work with the strange flows.
Which is the same thing as the radiant circuits.
It's how energy will cross lines and jump.
Yes.
And Spleen Meridian is a radiant circuit.
Suddenly, it will deal with metabolizing food.
When those two got in harmony,
Triple Warmer allowed the burning of calories.
Think of Triple Warmer, it's heat.
It'll burn calories.
Yes.
It was quite amazing.
You must have been beyond thrilled
with yourself, to have discovered.
Beyond thrilled.
For your own body, but also because
you had a desire to teach and help others.
Yes.
It just organically happened.
I went to, there was an accident at Touch for Health.
I saw somebody with a t-shirt.
I had culture shock, because I'd been living in Fiji.
At the airport, I saw somebody with a t-shirt
with a hand right here that said,
"Touch for Health."
I saw that hand and I walked over to her
and I said, I could hardly talk.
I said, "What's that?"
She said, "Oh, I'm so excited."
"I'm going up next week to become"
"a Touch for Health instructor."
I said, "Me too."
She gave me the phone number to call.
I called them and they sent back
all these papers and said,
"We understand you've passed"
"all the classes and all the tests"
"and you're ready to become an instructor on Tuesday."
(laughing)
"Your class starts here."
I think it was divine intervention.
Because I wanted a tool that I could show people.
And also, I needed some names
of some of the energies that I saw and felt.
'Cause I didn't have the names for a lot of them.
They had a lot of the names.
So, I came home.
I left there on a Tuesday.
It was an eight-day class.
And I taught my first class on Friday.
Amazing.
(laughing)
But I taught it for ten dollars
for the entire weekend.
So that I could, I said,
"I don't know how to teach yet."
"But this will give me a lotta leeway to make mistakes."
"I know something more than you."
So, I never worried about how I taught.
Now, it's a whole different story.
Yeah.
You're teaching three-quarters of the time.
You're away from home teaching.
Yes.
All over the world.
And certifying people as well.
Yes.
But, you must have, at that point.
Once you started learning about just some of the basic
tenants of holding a class and teaching,
then did you start adding in a lot of your own information?
Your own discoveries?
Yes.
You moved beyond that program, I take it?
By quite a bit.
It has evolved and grown so much.
A lot of it just sort of filters through me.
I'll stand on the stage and I'll know precisely
what will help somebody.
And I teach my classes with lots and lots
of demonstrations, or if somebody's sick
I'll get them on the table.
The same goes with my classes
as goes with my private practice.
Nobody has ever had to pay if it didn't work for them.
Yeah.
Because, I know it works so well.
Yes, I know that many of the things
that I have thought were mine, that I came up with them.
I now know that they are taught
all over the world and some indigenous cultures.
It's just like, we just step in again.
And find it again, and it's an absolute joy.
I love this work.
I can tell you do.
(laughing)
When a person comes, to one of
your seminars, for example, do they
have to go through a certification training?
Oh, no.
Can we just have a person
who wants to learn how to work
with their own bodies energies?
Absolutely.
This will reach everybody at every level.
If you just want to have a weekend class.
Or sometimes, I'll just teach an evening class.
I'll give all the tools that some people are,
they're just sort of savvy to this.
And they'll take those tools of a
three-hour class and just watch it grow.
For themselves.
They'll step into the world of Energy Medicine.
And start figuring things out for themselves.
Other people will never take a class.
Recently, somebody turned us on to
look at this blog, and it was so moving.
There were women blogging back and forth
who were, most of them, double lung transplants.
Who were giving each other ideas
of what worked for them in the Energy Medicine book.
Who had never taken anything from me.
They just figured out, they could breathe better.
It was just extremely, so rewarding.
What we get.
Emails that we get everyday of people
who tell what happened for them.
And how they were able to overcome this.
People even with children with ADD or ADHD.
Or an autistic child, that's able to be reached with energy.
Because after all, energy is all there is.
Can you give us an example or two?
About the autistic child?
Okay.
There's a way that you want to have energy
crossing over in like a figure eight.
Energy like this.
When energy crosses over like this,
or goes in and out from the body,
it begins to go through the auric field
and in through the chakras
and in through the body
and it will reach a person.
Sometimes, when somebody's autistic
that figure eight energy is crossing through.
But it's just an energy thing.
I've had more and more people
learn poi balls in my classes.
Now, poi balls is just a way to get
that energy crossing over.
Holding on a string a little ball.
That they start crossing the energy over.
Children happen to love it.
Because it's an energetic field
that you can feel it pull like a tether, or something.
And it pulls from your body.
We've gotten a few people have sent us
videos of their children, of how they've
come out and how their children
immediately knew how to do this.
It was like, some hunger, some yearning.
That you're out of step with an energy.
And they can do it easier than their parents could.
Right, and with the autistic child,
they'll actually start coming out of themselves.
Oh, yes.
For years, before my book came out,
which has been almost ten years ago now.
I used to do volunteer work in school systems.
Because I knew absolutely that most children
having problems learning in school,
it had nothing to do with their brains.
It had everything to do with the energy.
Whether it was scrambled, or running backwards,
or out of kilter, and somehow children especially
as they're growing, and they're in a
very linear school system.
If their energy is not linear,
suddenly it comes up against that system.
The energy, literally Triple Warmer will
make their energies run backwards,
because it's like, this is not good for their energies.
Interesting.
Somebody can teach them very easily,
how to get their energies in sync
with the energy system of the school and learn.
Many, many school systems I've known now
have implemented this, because it really.
They can prove and show that kids
are learning better, enjoying themselves more.
Even kids who may have been very smart in school.
They develop in other ways.
Maybe they're more social, or something like that.
Wherever the energy is off for you,
you can find a way to, and it's easy.
I want to say that so clear.
It is so easy and I think that's
what people are always stunned by.
It's easy.
What about on the other end of life?
As people begin slowing down and
feeling like they're losing their life force.
Maybe the mind's not working as clearly.
Yes.
That's a very good question.
Many years ago, I learned.
(Donna laughing)
I learned so much about teaching
people who were older.
I had accepted to come and teach
twice a week to a senior citizens' group.
In my mind, I was coming to see sixty year olds.
I had no idea till I got there,
that the youngest was eighty-four
and they range to, either it was
a hundred and two or a hundred and four.
Twenty-seven people.
My very first time.
Here I was really gung-ho teaching them
and everyone of them but one fell asleep on me.
(laughing)
My energy could not possibly jive with theirs.
So what I learned to do, was find a way
to get in sync with their energies
and then their energies would come up.
Then find out, what did they need?
They also didn't need exactly the same thing
other people needed.
Like many of them were knowing
that they were coming to the end
of their life and they wanted to feel good though.
Or they wanted their memories to work well.
Or they wanted a way to take care of their pain.
That class was one of my most fun rewarding classes
I ever taught.
I can cry over it, it was so good.
At Christmas time, I'd started teaching them
in April and at Christmas time, the month
before Christmas, they all, people who were
considered having Alzheimer's, or senility,
they all made videos for their
great grand-children for Christmas present.
It was amazing.
One man had had a stroke
and he was very unhappy, very bitter.
One half of his body, simply wouldn't work.
He was very upset also that he
couldn't do the exercises.
You know, I always make things up on the spot.
Then turns out later, wasn't really made up.
I just know.
It came when you needed it.
Yes.
I said, "Okay, here's what we're gonna do."
"We're gonna put you in front of a mirror."
"And you're going to remember"
"what you look like cross-crawling."
Which is simply hitting the opposite knee.
"Just see yourself."
"Can you do that?"
He said, "Yes."
So he started cross-crawling and
his energy started crossing over
from the right hemisphere to the left
side of the body and the left to the right.
Pretty soon, it had been, well maybe two years
he hadn't been able to use that one side.
And he was beginning to lift
his hand and his arm.
Energy wants to go.
One woman, in a class I had,
she had come to take the class
because she had had polio as a young girl.
Now she was in her late sixties
and she couldn't, her hip wasn't strong enough
to lift her leg, so she was going into a wheelchair
and she didn't wanna be in a wheelchair.
She wanted to be mobile.
We just gave her energy for her hip.
To strengthen her hip.
At the last class, this was a three month class
where we met once a week.
And at that class, she came in
on the next to the last class, with her daughter-in-law.
Beaming, showing x-rays.
Her nerves were supposed to be dead, completely dead.
They had started, sprouted little tentacles.
You could see them on the x-ray.
She could feel energy going down her legs.
Amazing.
About ten years after that class, I saw her.
She wasn't even using a walker yet.
Wow, that's amazing.
What about auto-immune problems?
Because this is really coming up a lot.
Auto-immune.
Auto-immune illnesses are absolutely
the illnesses of our time.
Because that is Triple Warmer energy
fighting what it doesn't recognize.
If it has to fight too many things,
it begins to fight your own body.
That's what multiple sclerosis is.
Lupus, you name it.
There are so many auto-immune illnesses out there.
Allergies, all of these are Triple Warmer.
And is this a result of exposure
to pretty much everything with toxins?
Pretty much everything.
As you were talking about,
electromagnetic frequencies from unnatural sources.
Absolutely.
Pollutions.
This is why, we don't have a choice now.
This is not an elective course.
We've got to learn this.
Because we are exposed to things that we never.
Our bodies did not evolve with.
I mean, it did not anticipate microwave ovens.
Or any of those things.
So you've got to teach your body
to be able to adapt to that energy.
Have you had some good luck
with auto-immune probems?
Oh my goodness.
Well again, multiple sclerosis is auto-immune.
There you go.
Yes.
In fact, for probably the first, three, four years,
I worked probably eighty percent, ninety percent
with just auto-immune illnesses.
Only one person in a zillion people didn't get well.
And it was because, and it wasn't because she
was so far gone, because I had other people
much further along.
What I tell people with auto-immune illnesses.
This is something your body has now
learned a habit.
You've got to kick the habit.
That means that you can't just rely on
coming to see me once a week.
You've got to do something everyday.
I mean, five minutes a day, the morning and at night.
To just turn this habit around.
One day you're gonna come to me
and I don't have to work on that at all anymore.
But if you don't do it.
And she was just a woman who came.
She just wanted somebody to work on her.
Same sort of idea of "Give me a pill."
Right.
Didn't want to take the personal investment
and responsibility.
What is very interesting, about fifteen years later.
I didn't see her again.
But one of my students, who became
really proficient in this, she had a practice of her own.
I heard that she was working on her.
She was getting better and better and better.
You can turn anything around.
I worked in a couple of cancer clinics years ago.
We'd see things that, believe me,
chemotherapy is something Triple Warmer will fight.
Radiation is something Triple Warmer will fight.
So if you're going to go that route,
you had better help your body
be able to throw off the stress of that.
Yes.
So you have people that you've trained
all over the globe.
Yes.
That are there helping other people,
assisting other people now.
Yes.
And so through your website
people can find the locations of those practitioners.
Yes.
Because you can't be everywhere now.
It's gotten too big.
It's really true.
And I'll tell you, any body is interested
in the certification program.
It's just coming four times a year.
What is so great about it is this.
I am not linear.
My certification program for people
who really need to know the step by step way.
They take the certification program and they get it down.
Many of them learn to start seeing energy again.
They're phenomenal, the teachers.
We have twenty-five teachers.
Just in the certification program at all.
They're phenomenal, they're so good.
People love the program.
I only go twice a year and teach at that time.
They usually find, "Oh my God."
"It's harder to follow Donna than all these other people."
(laughing)
Who get it much more linearly.
It's a joy to me.
Really what I want people to do
is take it and run.
Yeah.
Teach everybody you know.
You can come to a three-hour class
and go out and teach it.
You just, whatever is, if you have a
bent towards this, if it is in your blood.
You're gonna find it fast.
And we also have five-day classes.
Which is wonderful, most people who
take a five-day class end up in it.
You just, oh my god, you find out
that you can heal yourself.
And in this world, where we are so overprescribed.
I think it's the last six or eight years.
At least 110,000 people in the
United States alone, die of taking
a medication, taking it exactly as
they were supposed to take it.
Not because they took it wrong.
That is, oh my god.
That's wrong.
Yes, western medicine really does
have to learn to see people very uniquely
and differently.
And one of the things I love
about Energy Medicine is it recognizes
people are different, so that you can learn
the maze in your own body.
It sounds like we owe it,
not just to ourselves, but also
to everyone around us that we love.
That's right.
This information really needs to be
embraced by all cultures.
Thank you.
So we can learn to
take care of ourselves and each other again.
It does.
Because we're kind of coming up to that now.
That's right.
Medicine's failing, we're overwhelmed
with chronic illness.
That's right.
And, it costs too much.
It costs too much.
If you learn this, I mean, energy is free.
Learn it, and you've got it for the rest of your life.
Now, if a person can't get to you
or get to a class, can they learn some of it in the books?
You're all over Youtube.
The books are really user friendly.
But we also have on our website.
A lot of people learn better by seeing me do it.
So we have lots of DVDs and you can
just order them over the website.
Well Donna, I am so happy to have
been able to spend time with you.
I'm even more charged up than when we started.
Your energy is just divine.
You're effusing this energy.
Going from a frail little child to
a person given basically the death sentence
by their doctor, you've done,
Thank you.
a remarkable job on behalf of humanity,
not just yourself.
Thank you.
I do believe that this was my mission in life.
Absolutely.
Thank you so much for your time.
You're so welcome.
Thank you, you were great.
If you'd like to hear more about Donna's work,
you can go to innersource.net
where classes are listed.
You can also pick up a copy of her book,
Energy Medicine, at any major bookseller.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.